1. Use Case: User Clicks “Play” Button
Actor: Player, System
Pre-Condition: 1. User is on the main menu
Post-Condition: 2. System switches to setup scene
Events: 3. User clicks on Play button
4. System plays button press sound
5. System moves to setup scene
Extensions:  

2. Use Case: User clicks “Begin Turn” button
Actor: Player(Active)
Pre-Condition: 	1. It is the beginning of the active player’s turn
Post-Condition: 2. Player has allowed other players an opportunity to interfere
Events: 3. Player begins his/her turn. On turn effects occur. System changes priority to active player. 
Extensions: 3. Opposing player uses a special card
3a. Reference <<User presses “Use Special” button>>

3. Use Case: Collect Income
Actor: Player(Active), System
Pre-Condition: 1. Player has begun their turn
Post-Condition: 2. Player has added the income of each groups to its balance
Events: 3. System begins at start of list of groups a player controls and adds the income to group balance.
4. System adds income to balance to the next group.
5. If there are remaining groups on the list, go to step 4.
Extensions: 3a-5a. Opposing player uses a special card
3a. Reference <<User presses “Use Special” button>>
3b-5b. Group is Postal Service
3b. Remove 10 MB from group balance

4. Use Case: Draw Card
Actor: Player, System
Pre-Condition: 1. Player has permission to draw a card
Post-Condition: 2. Player has an additional card in hand
3. Player has placed a group in the neutral pile
Events: 4. Player looks at card on top of the deck. If it is a special card, place it in your hand.
5. Player looks at card on top of the deck. If it is a group card, place it in the neutral pile.

5. Use Case: User clicks “Attack” Button
Actor: Player(Active), System
Pre-Condition: 1. Player has atleast 1 action remaining. 
Post-Condition: 2. Player has initiated an attack function
Events: 3. Reference <<User clicks card to be used in the attack>> use case
4. System highlights the card clicked. 

6. Use Case: User adds money for attack
Actor: Player, System
Pre-Condition: 1. User has clicked on “Add Megabucks” to attack button
Post-Condition: 2. User has reduced the resistance of target group by atleast 1
Events: 3. A + and minus button with a text field appears. 
4. User presses the + button
5. System removes 1 MB from Illumaniti Group and reduces attacked group’s resistance by 1
6. (Optional) User presses the + button again. 
6a. Go to step 5.
7. User presses the “Done” button
Extensions: 4-6 4a. User presses – button while textfield value > 0
5a. System adds 1MB to Illumaniti Group and increases attacked group’s resistance by 1.
4b-6b 4a. User presses – button while textfield value is 0
4b. System plays an error sound
4c. Skip step 5.
4-5 1a. Users Illumaniti group does not have balance equal to or greater than textfield value.
1b. System prompts user they do not have enough MB to do that
1c. Skip step 5.

7. Use Case: User presses “Invoke Privilege” button
Actor: Player(active)
Pre-Condition: 1. User has 2 special cards in hand and is attacking
Post-Condition: 2. Use has immunity on this attack from interference
Events: 3. System prompts with “This requires a card to discard”. Are you sure you want to do this?
4. User selects the “Yes” button
5. System displays special cards in hand.
6. User selects 1 card
7. User presses the “Done” Button
8. System discards the selected card from User’s hand
Extensions:
3. 3a. If user is the Bavarian Illuminati
3b. The system displays an additional button “Pay 5MB instead”
6. 6a. If user selects a card they already selected previously
6b. Unselect the card
7. 7a. If user selects the “No” button.
7b. Reference <<User Presses Add MB>> button
8. 8a.a. If opposing users press the “Use Special” button
8a.b. Reference <<User Presses “Use Special” button>>
8. 8b.a. If opposing user presses “Counter Invoke Privilege button”
8b.b. Reference <<User presses “Counter Invoke Privilege” button>>

9. Use Case: User presses “Counter Invoke Privilege” button
Actor: Player(nonactive), Player(active)
Pre-Condition: 1. Player(nonactive) has 2 special cards in hand
Post-Condition: 2. Player(active) may not invoke privilege this attack
Events: 3. System prompts with “This requires 2 cards to discard. Are you sure you want to do this?”
4. User selects the “Yes” button.
5. System displays special cards in hand.
6. User clicks on 2 separate cards.
7. User presses the “Done” Button.
8. System discards the selected card from User’s hand
Extensions:
6. 6a. If user selects a card they already selected previously
6b. Unselect the card
7. 7a. If user selects the “No” button.
7b. Reference <<User Presses Add MB>> button

10. Use Case: User press “Interfere Button”
Actor: Player(nonactive)
Pre-Condition: 1. Player(active) has just added money for an attack.
Post-Condition: 2. System increases resistance of defending group by at least 1
Events: 3. A + and minus button with a text field appears. 
4. User presses the + button
5. System removes 1 MB from Illuminati Group and reduces attacked group’s resistance by 1
6. (Optional) User presses the + button again. 
6a. Go to step 5.
7. User presses the “Done” button

Extensions: Extensions: 4-6 4a. User presses – button while text field value > 0
5a. System adds 1MB to Illuminati Group and decrease defending group’s resistance by 1.
4b-6b 4a. User presses – button while text field value is 0
4b. System plays an error sound
4c. Skip step 5.
4-5 1a. Users Illuminati group does not have balance equal to or greater than text field value.
1b. System prompts user they do not have enough MB to do that
1c. Skip step 5.

